Does Miss Jiang still recognize me?
It seems that the speed of your memory decline
Much faster than I thought
But there is good news today.
The baby in your belly is strong
The most dangerous time has passed
It's safe for now.
Thank you doctor
What else should the doctor pay attention to in the follow-up?
Just keep it like an ordinary pregnant woman
Exercise more vigorously than usual
But for insurance
During this period, Anpick has to continue to take it
Halve the dose
Nothing else is good, thank you.
Jiangnan
Come here.
Did you hear what I said?
You come over
You scare him
What's the matter with you?
My affair with Jiangnan
Is it your turn to step in?
You don't know yet
Me and Jiangnan
Are you ready to get married?
Child what child
How could Jiangnan suspect your child?
Jiangnan
What did he say?
Compose a poem
Li Chang, I just got a visa.
I was hallucinating.
Siyang said that Jiangnan was pregnant with his child
He said they were getting married.